You ready to jump mate?
Yes but I am getting the chills down to my foot, what if our parachutes fail in mid-fall? 
Relax mate, would it be nice if that happened? 
Don’t even joke about that. 
Oh, looks like Jackson about to talk with the new guy. 
What are you doing over here all alone, got the bad feeling or something like that? 
 No, I’m fine. 
Yeah sure you are. You’re not fine, neither are they. Bunch of amateurs this year. I guarantee all of them will have to be pushed out of the plane. 
Hey! Who’s the amateur now? 
I’ve been doing this for, well, would’ve been five years straight now if that one girl knew what she was doing. So, I know. 
What happened? 
Stupid broad panicked, didn’t deploy the chute and hit the ground. The jump was cancelled last year because of her. 
Well I’m sure there was a reason behind it. 
Stupidity is more likely the reason, the names Aron by the way but you can call me Jackson. 
Tim. 
You do anything like this before Tim?
Yeah, something like this. 
You aren’t one of those W.T.W’s are you? 
What are W.T.W’s? 
Wind Tunnel Wimps, people who train in a wind tunnel because they’re too afraid of the real thing and when the time comes to jump all they do is scare themselves and cry. 
No, I’m not one of them. 
Good, because I’d boot you out of the door whether you’d want to jump or not. I’m going to see how many people are jumping with us, see you in the air Tim. 
See you in the air. 
Who are those cuties? Oh, you don’t have to hide it, let me see.  Ahhh, she’s adorable. Yours?
That picture is of my wife and daughter. 
Cute family you have.
Had.
Pardon? 
They were killed last year, car accident. 
 I’m sorry to hear that. So, is that why you’re jumping? 
The plane is fuelled up and ready to take off. Please form a line so that we can all board as quickly as possible. If you have any gut feelings or feel you can’t jump this year then I urge you to stay on the ground. Everyone else line up. 
 Hey you lot let’s board now! 
Will boarding be a good decision? 
Probably not for you, you going or what? 
I think I’m gonna regret this, but whatever. 
 Well it’s now or never. 
Everyone don’t get nervous now. Just remember what I’ve told you before we flew. 
God man! Sit back here you would have to wait ages to jump.
That’s fine.
 Let’s get this bird in the air! 
 Jackson, did you see a girl in a yellow and black jump suit back there? 
Was she pretty? Atta boy! Just don’t try any freaky things while you’re falling. 
Just jump don’t think. I’ll see you all on the ground. 
You’re next, you jumping or nah? 
Maybe after that Jackson guy 
Jackson looks like you’re next. 
Get Some! 
Just jump and remember how to deploy the chute, good luck. 
Looks like this is it! See you down there. 
That guy already jumped, looks like I’m next.
Just jump don’t think, you’re gonna be fine. 
Just jump don’t think, alright. 
You really think I’d leave you to do this alone? 
You know what I’m doing? 
Of course, I did the same thing two years ago. Funny how they thought it was an accident. 
So, you’re a ghost, why can’t anyone else see you? 
No one else is in the same condition you’re in, are they? 
Why did you jump? 
Same reason you are same reason why people commit suicide. I couldn’t live anymore. 
You always stay in the clothes you die in? 
Your eyes aren’t able to see what your soul does. So, to you I’m dressed like a sky diver.
I need to ask you a question. 
What’s the question? 
What is your Heaven? 
My Heaven is to be with my family
Tell them I said hello.
